So first we could see in the main function (with binary ninja) that we first set the id of the program to root. Now let's do the code structure:

1. The alarm function
2. The hint function (used for printing only)
3. init_ABCDEFG function - let's explore it:

We read 4 bytes from /dev/urandom which gives us an unsigned random int. 
Use the random number as a seed for more random numbers


4. Initialize a seccomp(0). This means that if any syscall is made that is not on the filter, the process will be killed
5. Make the rules of the syscall: So we have 5 syscalls that we can call open, read, write, exit, execve

Now when we run in gdb and see the asm of the function ropme (which clearly gives the impression of ROP gadgets), and we have a gets function that we could exploit with an overflow to do it.
We could chain values together to open a system or execve to open a shell and get the flag.

We could put /bin/sh on the stack and then make a chain. 
The system call takes the value from the stack. 
We need the return address and the string pointer (use libc).

I gave the challenge too much credit and thought that we needed to do a leak and open a shell, but actually we could get all numbers from the functions A → G, 
then go back to ropme, and now I know the sum so I could easily pass the if statement and get our flag.

The way we do it is that we first overflow the buffer until we get to the return address, then we change the return to the function A. 
Now how we get to B, C, ... we're going to do that by using the instruction of ret. 
What ret does is pop the value off the stack and then pass it to EIP and then jump to EIP. 
So we could chain them together: first the address of A, then when A is done it's going to do return to the address of B, and so on.
And we want to go back to ropme, so we put after the address of G the address of ropme in main (I also made the stack to look the same as we call the original program).

Now after we have all the numbers, we could add them and pass it to gets again.

PoC usage:
So run the help.py and the exp.py at the same time. 
When you get an interactive shell in the exp.py, press Enter to get the text, then pass it to help.py and press Ctrl+D, and you will get the numbers. 
Send a random number to the select menu and pass the result from help.py to the last question, and you will get the flag


PoC upadte:
You can run the exp.py and you will get the flag with no need to copy and paste any thing 
